Bashful
An incurable romantic, Bashful is a willing and kind-hearted friend, but it's Snow White who brings out the blush in this shy fellow.  Full of wriggles, giggles and 'oh gosh'-es, Bashful is often twisting one foot around the other or braiding his beard while batting his bashful baby blue eyes.

Doc
Appearing a bit pompous at times, this self-appointed lead of the group has a habit of getting his words and ideas mixed up.  Easily befuddled, Doc's spectacles often slip a little too far down on his nose as his words often tend to get mixed up.  Overly gracious and highly efficient in his own mind until an important decision is necessary and his nerves take over, preventing any relevant decision from being made.  A little nervous, Doc never seems to know what to do with his hands.

Dopey
This loveable, slightly-balmy, child-like fellow gets a great kick out of life.  Imbued with a sense of fun, he is a bit like Harpo-Marx, in that Dopey doesn't speak, but his sly grin seems to 'tell all.  Dopey's garments are at least 5 sizes too big for him, but that only adds to his charm.  Somewhat mischievous, Dopey somehow manages to capture the hearts of everyone.

Grumpy
The real leader of the group, Grumpy is 'agin' everything.   Hi is grouchy, crabby, and his primary dislike is 'wimmin!'' While his nose is the most prominent part of his face, his soft, tender heart is even bigger under all that gruff veneer - much to his own disgust.  When trouble arises, it's Grumpy who acts first to save the day!

Sleepy
He sees the world through half-closed eyes and always seems to be talking through a yawn.  Perpetually nodding off, Sleepy could easily recline anywhere to get some sleep.  A rare talker, when he does have something to say, it is always straight and to the point - even though he's too tired to know it.

Sneezy
His chronic hayfever presents a difficult challenge as Sneezy often tries to talk through his nose.  Always sneezing at the wrong time, Sneezy is a hardworking and loyal friend... in between sneezes. 

Happy
A fat, roly-poly little fellow, Happy is easily recognized with a perpetual smile and his bright, cheery disposition. His unique bushy white eyebrows are constantly bobbing with his eager grin as Happy always looks on the brighter side of things. 